java c
Homework   2
GSND   5345Q,   Fundamentals   of   Data   Science
Due   Monday,   January   27th,   2025
Advanced   Unix   ToolsMost   Unix   implementations   include   a   large   number   of   powerful   tools   and   utilities.       (Unix   has   been   in   development   for   more   than   50   years!).   We   were   only   able   to   scratch   the   surface   in   our   class   time.   It   will   take   time   to   become   comfortable   with   Unix,   but   as   you   struggle,   you   will   find   yourself learning just   by   looking   at   man   files   and   finding   solutions   on   the   internet.   For   this   Homework,   you   will   explore   several   more   advanced Unix   functions.   You   can   use   any   resource   available   to   you–classmates,   the   internet   (Google   and   ChatPGT!),   and   Dr.   Johnson.   Ask   all   the   questions   you   want, just   make   sure   you   do   the   work   and   you   learn!
1.      Learn   more   about   tools   for   downloading   files   from   external   servers   (e.g.,   scp,   ftp,   sftp,   rsync),   and   for to   downloading   data   from   webpages   (e.g.,   curl,   wget, mget).    Use   an   appropriate   function   to   download the   homework2.tar.gz   from   the   homework   folder   on   course   GitHub   page.    Give   the   code   you   used   to   download   these   data.(Hint:   To   download   the homework2.tar.gz   from   GitHub,   control/right   click   on   the   "View   raw"   link   and   copy   the   location   (see   image).   If you   use   the   URL   in   the   address   bar   it   downloads   the   .html   for   the   website)
   
2.    Learn   about   the   tar   function.   What   is   a   tarball?   How   is   it   different   from   a   .zip   file?   Download   the   homework2.tar.gz   file   from   GitHub   and   unzip   the   contents,   and   report   that   code   you   used.    How   effective   is   the   compression   for   this   tarball?   After   you   complete   this   homework,   add   your   homework   files   directory   and   generate   a   gzipped   tarball   for   all   the   Homework   1   data   plus   your   answers.   Make   sure   to   provide   the   code   you   used   to   generate   the   tarball   for   your   homework.
3.    Research the   chmod function.   Give short explanation of what this function does, its syntax, and examples      when   you   would   use   it.   Practice   chmod   by   changing   the   permissions   on   the   ’TB_microbiome_data.txt’   file   in   the   Homework   1   directory   from   the   previous   questions.   Give   examples   of the   code   you   used   and      show   that   the   code   works   (e.g.,   use   ls      -l).
4.   The   grep   function   is   an   extremely   powerful   tool   for   search   (potentially   large)   files   for   patterns   and   strings.   One   advantage   is   that   you   don’t   have   to   open   the   file   to   conduct   a   search!   Using   the   internet,   find   a   short   tutorial   on   the   basics   of   grep,   and   give   the   code   and   results   for   the   following   tasks:
(a)    How   many   FC   receptor   genes   are   present   in   the   ’TB_nanostring.txt’   file?    (hint:   search代 写GSND 5345Q, Fundamentals of Data Science Homework 2R
代做程序编程语言   for   ’FC’   in the   file)
(b)      How   many   samples   (rows)   in   the   ’nanostring_annotation.txt’   do   not   have   a   co-morbid   condition   or   other   risk   factor?(i.e.,   inverse   search   –   how   many   rows   do   not have   a   "Yes")
(c)      How   many   coronavirus   genomes   are   present   in   the   ’viral.fasta’   file?         How   many   of   these   are SARS-COV-2?
(d)    How many times does the letter   ’A’   (capital or lowercase)   appear   in   all the   files   from   the   homework1   tar   file?    (i.e.,   ignore   case).
(e)   What   Staphylococcus   species   are   present   in   the   ’TB_microbiome_data.txt’   file?       (hint:    each    separate   microbe   has   its   own   row   in   the   file).   Print   out   the   counts   for   Mycobacterium   tuberculosis.   How   many   Streptococcus   species   are   present?
5.      Learn   how   to   use   less   to   display   large   text   files   in   the   terminal   using   the   man   help   page.   Using   the   "OPTIONS"   section   of   the   man   page,   open   the   ’viral.fasta’   file   to   display   so   that   it   does   not   wrap   long   lines   (default),   displays   line   numbers,   and   opens   at   the   first   occurrence   of   ’coronavirus’.   Provide the   command   you   used   to   open   the   file   in   this   way.    Within   less,   learn   and   practice   how   to   scroll   forward/backward,   scroll   forward/backward   n   lines, jump   to   the   middle   or   end   of the   file,   and   search   for   text   in   the   document.   When   would   it   be   advantageous   to   use   less   over   a   tool   like   Microsoft   Word? Ask   Dr.   Johnson   why   in   Unix   more   is   less   and   less   is   more   :-).
6.    Open   a   text   file   in   vim   and   change   the   file.   How   do   you   move   to   the   beginning/end   of a   line,   insert   text,   copy   and   paste,   delete   text   and   lines?   How   do   you   save   your   file   or   exit   vim   with/without   saving   your   result?   What   are   the   advantages   and   disadvantages   of   vim   versus   less?   In   which   scenarios   would   you   use   each   of these?
7.      Learn   about   pipes   and   redirects   in   Unix.   In   which   scenarios   would   you   use   them,   and   why   are   they   helpful?   describe   what   the   following   commands   do:
(a)      ls      -l      |         less
(b)      ls      -l      >      directory_contents   .txt   (c)      ls      -l      »      directory_contents   .txt
(d)      cat      directory_contents   .txt    |      head    -3      |      tail    -2
(e)      ls      |      grep      -c      html   (f)      ls      |      wc      -l
(g)      cat      file1   .txt      file2   .txt      >      file3   .txt
You   can   also   us   pipes   in   R!   Investigate   how   to   do   this   and   give   the   code   for   a   great   example.
8.      Learn   about   another   Unix   command   that   we   have   not   discussed.      Give   a   short   description   of   this   function,   when   you   would   use   it,   its   syntax,   and   give   some   examples   of its   use.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
